As a result of a tough business operating environment, the Group’s revenue inevitably decreased to HK$676.8 million (2020: HK$917.4 million) during the Year. An impairment allowances for margin loans, and other loans and advances (the “Impairment”) of HK$939.3 million (2020: HK$1,327.3 million) was recognised. Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company was HK$576.1 million (2020: HK$689.7 million). Basic loss per share was HK8.55 cents (2020: HK10.23 cents). During the Year, the overall global economic environment improved as major economies regained momentum in response to the increasing vaccination coverage and gradual resumption of business activities. Nevertheless, Sino-U.S. tensions and geopolitical issues were yet to be solved. Besides, headwinds arising from various policies announced by the Central Government and credit crises of certain giant Chinese property developers have hindered the development of the regional capital market. In the face of both global and regional issues, financial and stock market sentiments have inevitably been impaired. The Hang Seng Index was volatile during the Year – reaching the highest point of the Year at 31,085 on 17 February 2021, and closing at 24,576 on 30 September 2021. Established in 1993, the Group is a renowned Hong Kong based financial institution providing a wide range of financial services including (i) commercial and personal lending as well as margin and initial public offering (“IPO”) financing; (ii) brokerage services, wealth management and asset management; (iii) placing and underwriting services for listed issuers; and (iv) corporate finance advisory services. The Company was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in April 2007. The Group’s financing segment derives interest income from commercial and personal lending as well as margin and IPO financing. The loans granted to customers range from short-term unsecured loans (e.g. tax loan, bridging loan, term loan, personal loan) to long-term secured loans (e.g. property mortgage). Built on a renowned reputation for delivering professional and personalised loan services, the Group has developed a niche in the loan market, providing corporate and retail clients with tailored liquidity solutions to meet their corporate goals and personal needs. During the Year, the segment’s revenue was HK$548.4 million (2020: HK$779.2 million), accounting for 81.0% (2020: 84.9%) of the Group’s total revenue. With the visibility on the economic outlook remained uncertain, the Group has taken a pro-active approach to strengthen the overall credit risk management and control mechanism in its financing business. The Group has tightened the loan approval procedures and was prudent on the valuation assessment of the collaterals. The Group also monitored the market situation closely and adjusted the interest rate and loan-to-value ratio timely, in order to optimise the balance between risk and capital. The Group currently provides brokerage services for securities, futures and options traded on exchanges in Hong Kong, mainland China (via Shanghai and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect schemes respectively) and major overseas countries, as well as wealth management and asset management services. The Group offers web-based and mobile trading platforms which enable real-time transaction and investment portfolio monitoring. As at 30 September 2021, the Group operated 3 branches in Hong Kong and ran 3 liaison offices, which are located in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou respectively. The Group’s wealth management division provides advice regarding a wide array of investment services, including securities, mutual funds, insurance-linked products, and real estate investment. In its asset management arm, apart from running private equity fund, the Group also provides customised discretionary investment services to its customers. During the Year, as a result of the volatile stock market, revenue from brokerage services was HK$99.3 million (2020: HK$115.6 million), accounting for 14.7% (2020: 12.6%) of the Group’s total revenue. During the Year, the Group launched its digital enhancement project, with a focus on online account opening and eIPO application, enabling the Group to attract new customers. The Group also promoted the use of electronic services by its customers in various ways, to enhance customer engagement. With a highly experienced team of professionals, the Group offers placing and underwriting services to various Hong Kong listed companies. The Group serves as placing agents in equity and debt placing deals and IPO-related transactions. The Group also participates in underwriting rights issue exercises. During the Year, the Group participated in a number of primary and secondary market financing projects. Revenue from the placing and underwriting segment increased to HK$16.3 million (2020: HK$13.4 million), accounting for 2.4% (2020: 1.5%) of the Group’s total revenue. The division holds a full corporate finance licence under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, allowing it to advise on Takeovers Code related transactions and undertake sponsor work for IPOs in addition to general corporate finance advisory services. Apart from IPO-related services, the Group offers advisory services for corporate transactions including placing, rights issue, corporate restructuring and merger and acquisition. With the increasing number of corporate transactions and IPO projects handled by the Group during the Year, revenue from the corporate finance segment increased to HK$12.7 million (2020: HK$9.1 million), accounting for 1.9% (2020: 1.0%) of the Group’s total revenue. The Group believes that the China market will continue to be a growth engine and Hong Kong will remain a vital link for access to China’s stock market. With Hong Kong’s further solidifying and amplifying strategic role in the Greater Bay Area (“GBA”), and reaping the benefits of potential collaboration with Shenzhen’s Qianhai economic zone, Hong Kong’s position as an international financial hub will be reinforced by capitalising on a surge of interest from mainland Chinese investors. In addition, the Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect Scheme in the GBA will surely stimulate demand for capital investment and related products, by enabling mainland Chinese investors domiciled in the GBA to invest in approved wealth management products in Hong Kong, and allowing foreign investors to tap financial products launched in China via the city, which will in turn enhance Hong Kong’s standing as the offshore financial centre of the world’s second-largest capital market. The Group will further update its frontend and backend trading systems and diversify its digital offerings to optimise the trading experience for customers, in order to enhance its retail market segment competitiveness. Meanwhile, the Group will strengthen its wealth management business development by offering more unique and quality investment funds and bond products and services to its clients in addition to insurance services. With a number of challenges which are yet to be resolved, the gloomy economic outlook and market instability are expected to remain. The Group will actively review its loan portfolio and loan receivables status; conduct more comprehensive assessments of collaterals to minimise default risk; and exercise stringent control over operating costs. Looking ahead, the Group will adhere to its prudent approach and adopt appropriate strategies to mitigate downside risk while seizing opportunities, and will endeavour to maintain steady businesses development. The Group financed its operations by cash mainly generated from operations and borrowings, as well as proceeds raised from issuance of bonds. As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s current assets and current liabilities were HK$6,106.3 million (2020: HK$9,326.0 million) and HK$2,942.3 million (2020: HK$4,582.6 million) respectively. As at 30 September 2021, aggregate of bank balances, cash and pledged bank deposits of the Group amounted to HK$1,024.1 million (2020: HK$852.0 million), which were mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). During the Year, the Group has repaid all of the United States dollar (“US$”) bonds and part of the HK$ bonds by deploying internal resources. As at 30 September 2021, the total carrying amount of the Company’s outstanding HK$ bonds was approximately HK$499.1 million (2020: HK$ bonds and US$ bonds totalled HK$1,394.6 million), which are due 2022 with a coupon interest rate of 5.25% per annum. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had bank borrowings of HK$370.0 million (2020: Nil) excluding IPO financing. The total borrowings of the Group, excluding the IPO financing, decreased to HK$869.1 million (2020: HK$1,394.6 million), hence the gearing ratio was reduced to 22.6% (2020: 31.5%; calculated as a percentage of total borrowings excluding IPO financing over total equity of the Group). The Group did not have any material foreign exchange exposure as at 30 September With the Group’s sufficient bank balances and cash, its available unutilised banking facilities of HK$2,301.2 million (2020: HK$2,440.5 million), as well as the proceeds raised from the issuance of bonds, the Board considers the Group has sufficient working capital for its operation and future development. As at 30 September 2021, bank deposit of the Group with aggregate carrying amount of HK$160.0 million (2020: HK$160.0 million) was pledged to a bank as security for banking facilities. An Impairment of HK$939.3 million (2020: HK$1,327.3 million) was recognized this Year. The Impairment was made in respect to 96 individual clients, including margin clients and borrowers in commercial, mortgage and personal loans (“Loans”). Details of the reasons for the recognition of majority of the Impairment are set out below: Net provision for impairment of accounts receivable arising from margin financing amounted to approximately During the Year, eleven advances to customers in margin financing with the total gross carrying amount of approximately HK$1,492 million were assessed as credit-impaired stage mainly due to the sharp decline in the market price of listed securities pledged as collateral in the Year and failure of the margin borrowers to fully make up the margin shortfall by providing additional collaterals. The impairment provision of these eleven exposures for the Year was determined by assessing the future cash flows expected to be recoverable from the borrowers and the listed securities pledged as collateral for each of the margin borrower on an individual assessment basis. Impairment provision with a total amount of approximately HK$624 million was made for the Year for these eleven exposures. b. During the Year, two advances to customers in margin financing with the total gross carrying amount of approximately HK$259 million were assessed as credit-impaired stage mainly due to the sole listed security pledged as collateral for these two loans being suspended for trading in the Year and failure of the margin borrowers to fully make up the margin shortfall by providing additional collaterals. The impairment provision of these two exposures for the Year was determined by assessing the future cash flows expected to be recoverable from the borrowers and the suspended securities pledged as collateral for each of the margin borrower on an individual assessment basis. Impairment provision with a total amount of approximately HK$238 million was made for the Year for these two exposures. During the Year, an impairment reversal of approximately HK$223 million was made on an advance to a customer in margin financing with total gross amount of approximately HK$251 million, which was classified as credit-impaired stage, due to an increase in fair value of listed security pledged as collateral in the Year. Net provision for impairment of loans and advances During the Year, four loans and advances to borrowers with the total gross carrying amount of approximately HK$255 million were assessed as credit-impaired stage mainly due to failure of these borrowers to repay the interest and/or the principal on time in the Year. The impairment provision of these four exposures for the Year was determined by assessing the future cash flows expected to be recoverable from the borrowers and the listed securities pledged as collateral for each of the borrowers on an individual assessment basis. Impairment provision with a total amount of approximately HK$108 million was made for the Year for these four exposures. b. During the Year, additional impairment allowance of approximately HK$94 million was recognised for two loans and advances, which were assessed as credit- impaired stage in previous year, with gross carrying amount of approximately HK$280 million, as a result of further decrease in fair value of pledged listed securities, pledged properties and deterioration of financial capability of these borrowers. During the Year, two loans and advances to borrowers with the total gross carrying amount of approximately HK$58 million were assessed as credit-impaired stage mainly due to failure of these borrowers to repay the interest and the principal on time in the Year. The impairment provision of these two exposures for the Year was determined by assessing the future cash flow expected to be recoverable from the borrowers by estimating the cash flows expected to be collected including an assessment of cash flows expected to be recovered taking account of the current conditions affecting the borrower, past collection history, and consideration of forward looking factors. Impairment provision with a total amount of approximately HK$44 million was made for the Year for these two exposures. d. The remaining impairment allowances of HK$34 million, majority of which were attributable to mostly personal loans and term loans, where the borrowers failed to repay upon maturity and were either declared bankrupt or contact was lost with them during the Year. The interest rate of the credit-impaired margin loans ranged from 6% to 21% per annum, and the outstanding amount was secured by charging against the portfolio of listed securities in the clients’ margin loan accounts maintained with the Group. For certain corporate clients, the shareholder or the director of these corporate clients have provided personal guarantee in favour of the Group. For other credit-impaired loans including term loans, mortgage loans and personal loans, the terms and interest rates are determined by the Group on a case by case basis. The interest rate of the credit-impaired term loans and mortgage loans ranged from 8% per annum to 24% per annum (and up to 46% per annum for small personal loans) which were determined with reference to the clients’ creditworthiness, amount of loan principal, duration of loan, value and quality of collateral. Follow-up and debt collection actions on overdue and The Group has debt recovery procedures in place. For any loans with shortfall and/or overdue payments, demand letters and legal letters will be issued. If the borrower does not respond, the Group will engage external legal advisors for legal actions. At the same time, the Group will contact the borrower for additional collateral and/or settlement plan. The Group may also engage debt collection agents for such loan where appropriate. If the negotiation is not successful, or additional collateral is not sufficient or default in settlement plan, external legal advisers will issue final warning to the borrower. Subsequently, writs of summon will be served to the borrower to take proceedings to court. Debt recovery actions had been taken on the credit-impaired loans. Some legal proceedings on such credit-impaired loans were still in progress. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had 75 (2020: 77) account executives and 130 (2020: 131) employees. Total staff costs (including directors’ remuneration) were approximately HK$77.9 million (2020: HK$62.1 million). Employees’ remuneration was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills, experience and performance as well as market pay level. Staff benefits include medical and life insurance, provident funds and other competitive fringe benefits. To provide incentives or rewards to the staff, the Company adopted a share option scheme on 26 January 2017, particulars of which are set out in the section headed “Share Options” in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements. The Board did not recommend any payment of final dividend for the year ended 30 September 2021 (2020: Nil). 