For the year ended 30 September 2021 (the “Year”), the Group reported a turnover of approximately HK$76.7 million (Year ended 30 September 2020 (“Year 2020”): negative HK$52.4 million) and net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of approximately HK$62.7 million (Year 2020: net loss HK$105.5 million). During the Fiscal Year 2020/21, the Group’s performance of listed investments changed from loss of HK$61.0 million in Year 2020 to gain of HK$53.4 million in the Year. The gain on listed investments for the Year of approximately HK$53.4 million represented net realised gain of approximately HK$9.5 million, net unrealised gain of approximately HK$43.7 million, and dividend income of approximately HK$0.2 million. Set out below are further information of these net realised and unrealised losses: Investment Disposal Unrealised loss/(gain) recognised in Net realised gain/(loss) (2.0) Hong Kong Aerospace Technology Group Limited 1725 (4.2) (2.8) The shares of the companies mentioned under Net Realised Gain above are listed on Main Board or GEM the Stock Exchange, and no stock included in others contributed the realised gain or loss over HK$2 million during the Year. The net unrealised gain of approximately HK$43.7 million represents the unrealised gain of approximately HK$74.1 million net of unrealised loss of approximately HK$30.4 million. Set out below is the breakdown of the aforesaid unrealised gain and loss: All the shares of the companies mentioned under Net Unrealised Loss above are listed on either Main Board or GEM of the Stock Exchange, and no stock included in others contributed the unrealised gain over HK$5 million and unrealized loss over HK$3 million during the Year. In connection with the unlisted equity investments, the Group recorded an unrealised gain of approximately HK$2.0 million during the Year (Year 2020: unrealised loss of HK$8.7 million). As a result of the satisfactory performance of listed and unlisted financial assets investments, the Group recorded net gain of approximately HK$62.7 million for the Year, which turned around from the net loss of approximately HK$105.5 million recorded in Year 2020. As at 30 September 2021, the Group held assets of approximately HK$554.3 million (2020: HK$489.8 million), including cash and cash equivalents of HK$11.9 million (2020: HK$16.8 million). The Group’s current ratio (as defined by current assets/ current liabilities) increased from 13.8 as at 30 September 2020 to 14.1 as at 30 September 2021, which was maintained at a healthy level. The board (the “Board”) of directors of the Company believes that the Group has sufficient resources to satisfy its working capital requirement. The gearing ratio (defined as total interest-bearing liabilities/ total equity) was 4.5% (2020: 8.13%). The Company did not run any capital exercise during the Year. During the Year, the share capital of the Company increased from 275,488,249 shares as at 30 September 2020 to 343,238,249 shares as at 30 September 2021, which was due to 54,000,000 shares and 13,750,000 shares issued and allotted by conversion of convertible bonds and exercise of share options, respectively. Included in other payables as at 30 September 2021 were margin payables of approximately HK$23.9 million bearing interest rates ranged from 8% to 8.25% (2020: 8% to 10%) per annum. The margin payables are in Hong Kong Dollars, and secured by listed investments of the Group, repayable on demand and are guaranteed by the Company on behalf of a subsidiary. In view of such immaterial amount of the margin payables in Hong Kong Dollars as compared to the Group’s listed stocks of approximately HK$263.9 million, the Company considers the currency and interest rate risks exposure of its debt and obligation are manageable. In connection with the placing of convertible bonds, which were completed on 18 September 2020, the net proceeds of approximately HK$13.1 million have been fully used as intended and detailed as follows: Investment in listed securities in General working Used as of 30 September 2020 Investments with fair value/market value not less than 5% of the Group’s total asset value are significant investments of the Group, which are included in the Group’s bonds investments and listed equity investments as detailed in notes 17 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements of this report, respectively. Set out below are further information of the Group’s significant investments. Bonds Investment – Gold Medal Hong Kong Limited (“Gold Medal”) Gold Medal is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and principally engaged in money lending business. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of WLS Holdings Limited (“WLS”), the guarantor of the bonds, which is listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8021). Based on WLS’ interim report for the six months ended 31 October 2021, its net asset value was approximately HK$535.5 million, and its current assets and total liabilities as at 31 October 2021 were approximately HK$449.6 million and HK$245.2 million respectively. The current assets can fully cover its total liabilities. Accordingly, the Company considers that there is no signal of default of bonds issued by Gold Medal to the Group. Equity Investment – WLS (stock code: 8021) The Group held approximately 679.0 million shares of WLS with market value of approximately HK$31.9 million as at 30 September As mentioned above, WLS is listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8021). WLS is principally engaged in the scaffolding and fitting out services, management contracting services and other services for construction and buildings work, money lending business, securities brokerage and margin financing and securities investment business. For the year ended 30 April 2021, the audited consolidated loss attributable to owners of WLS was approximately HK$16.9 million. Their performance significantly improved and the unaudited net profit attributable to owners of WLS of approximately 27.8 million was recorded in the six months ended 31 October 2021. As WLS is one of the leading scaffolding sub-contractors in the industry, the management of WLS are confident about securing more contracts which based on the multi-pronged strategy adopted by Hong Kong government to maintain a steady and sustainable land supply with the aim to meet the continuing housing needs. The Company believes the WLS’s business strategy is in line with the overall direction of the Hong Kong government’s strategic development plans for property construction, infrastructure investment and financial market development, and considerable amount of profit will be generated in medium to long terms. Bonds Investment Hao Wen Holdings Limited (“Hao Wen”) (stock code: 8019) Hao Wen is a company incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability. Hao Wen and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in money lending, manufacturing of biomass fuel product and trading of electronic parts. It is listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8019). Based on Hao Wen’s interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2021, its net asset value was approximately RMB305.1 million, its current assets were approximately RMB260.2 million and total liabilities were approximately RMB59.5 million. In view of Hao Wen’s strong liquid assets and limited liabilities, the Company considers that Hao Wen has sufficient financial resources to meet its ongoing operation, there is no signal of default of bonds issued by Hao Wen to the Group. Bonds and Equity Investment AMCO United Holding Limited (“AMCO”) (stock code: 630) AMCO is a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and principally engaged in medical device businesses. The company operates through five business segments, namely Medical Devices Business, Plastic Molding Business, Building Contract Works Business, Money Lending Businesses and Securities Investment. The company operates businesses in the regions of Asia, Europe and North and South Americas. It is listed on main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 630). Based on AMCO’s interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2021, its net asset value was approximately HK$130.1 million, its current assets were approximately HK$172.6 million and total liabilities were approximately HK$78.4 million. Included in current assets of approximately HK$172.6 million were substantially assets liquid in nature, which were cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$3.8 million, listed stocks investments of approximately HK$36.1 million, trade receivables of approximately HK$13.3 million and loan receivables of approximately HK$109.9 million, totalling HK$163.1 million. These liquid assets can fully cover AMCO’s total liabilities of approximately HK$78.4 million. Accordingly, the Company considers that AMCO has sufficient working capital to meet the ongoing business, there is no signal of default of bonds issued by AMCO. The Group held approximately 82.9 million shares of AMCO with market value of approximately HK$13.3 million as at 30 September 2021. In relation to AMCO’s four business segments above, increase in revenue were noted in the six month ended 30 June 2021 as compared to the revenue amount for the corresponding period in year 2020, except for Building Contract Works Business. The decrease in revenue of this business segment was primarily due to (i) substantial completion of several significant public contracts during the same period of 2020; (ii) slowdown in the progress of existing construction projects under the impact of COVID-19, and (iii) decrease in awards of projects in both public and private sectors, under the stringent and competitive market environment of the building construction and maintenance industry caused by slower growth of the industry and the Hong Kong economy during the period. Consistent with the Group’s investment in WLS as mentioned above, along with the Hong Kong government’s strategic development plans for property construction, we believe the performance of AMCO will improve and we consider their diversified business portfolio can reduce the risk of business concentration. Bonds and Equity Investment – China e-Wallet Payment Group Limited (“China e-Wallet”)(stock code: 802) The Group held approximately 135.6 million shares of China e-Wallet with market value of approximately HK$14.1 million as at 30 September 2021. China e-Wallet is principally engaged in provision of internet and mobile application and distribution of computer-related and mobile-related electronic products and accessories. The audited consolidated loss attributable to shareholders of China e-Wallet for the year ended 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$41.8 million and the unaudited loss attributable to shareholders of China e-Wallet for the six months ended 30 June 2021 were approximately HK$18.3 million. “Internet and Mobile’s Application and Related Accessories” is the China e-Wallet’s main business. China e-Wallet specialized in providing programming and advertising solutions in mobile platform with main branch office in Hong Kong and the PRC. The programming teams of China e-Wallet have extensive experience on developing mobile application and interactive virtual reality technologies for well-known companies in Hong Kong and overseas. China e-Wallet is also engaged in the business of distribution of computer-related and mobile-related electronic products and accessories. China e-Wallet believed that the business of “Internet and Mobile’s Application and Related Accessories” as a key growth area, is in-line with the rapid growth of the mobile and gaming industry and in particular in application development for merchants, online gaming, interactive virtual reality experience and utilities applications for mobile platform and mass advertising. China e-Wallet has already procured thousands of merchants to participate in its settlement application services (“Settlement Services”). In order to capture its market share and procure sizable merchants in a short period of time, China e-Wallet would paid inducement deposits to these merchants. China e-Wallet would derive marketing plan with these merchants in order to give incentives by way of E-coupons or discounts to their customers who use the Settlement Services and the inducement deposits would be utilized accordingly. In return, China e-Wallet would share the transaction fee from the Settlement Services, receive rebate income and application development income from these merchants. Since 2018, China e-Wallet has expanded its settlement application services through referring merchants to Alipay.com Co., Ltd. to use the Alipay services in the PRC. The management of the Company considers the business of China e-Wallet has a good business potential. Return is expected to be brought to the Company’s equity investment in China e-Wallet in long term. Referring to latest China e-Wallet’s financial position, its current assets and total liabilities as at 30 June 2021 were approximately HK$456.6 million and HK$37.8 million respectively. As China e-Wallet’s current assets can fully cover its total liabilities, the Company considers that China e-Wallet has sufficient working capital to meet the ongoing business and there is no signal of default of bonds issued by China e-Wallet. Equity Investment – Hong Kong Education (Int’l) Investments Limited (“HKEI”) (stock code: 1082) The Group held approximately 28.3 million shares of HKEI with market value of approximately HK$46.7 million as at 30 September HKEI Group had still been operating in a severe and challenging environment during the year ended 30 June 2021. The Group had been facing a continuous decreasing enrolment of secondary school students, declining number of candidates participating in the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination, increasing number of students studying abroad, and a fierce competition in the education industry. Also, the ongoing of coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) pandemic in Hong Kong seriously affected the progress of resumption of face-to-face classes in our education centres and eventually caused a distinct reduction in course enrolments during the Year. For the year ended 30 June 2021, HKEI Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$43.3 million (2020: approximately HK$67.2 million), representing a decrease of approximately 35.6% as compared to the last financial year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year amounted to approximately HK$3.6 million (2020: loss of approximately HK$107.19 million). The overall market has entered into a new era with the advent of COVID-19. The pandemic has revolutionised human activities due to social distancing. It is not difficult to understand that control measures arising from the COVID-19 hindered business development. In order to reduce the adverse effect on HKEI Group’s businesses due to geographical and travelling barriers, HKEI Group acquired the UFO Group to meet the unprecedented challenges. With the introduction of VR, augmented reality and artificial intelligence from the UFO Group, it can break through the existing obstacles and may be applied to HKEI’s distinct businesses under the brand names of “Modern Education ” and “Modern Bachelor Education ”. The aforesaid technologies can allow students to allocate their study schedules effectively without geographical and time boundaries, and at the same time, allow HKEI Group to expand its business to international markets. The mixture of traditional learning and technology-based learning will help our students and HKEI Group to improve their efficiencies as a whole. With the help from the UFO Group, which is also a content and solution provider in the STEAM education industry, HKEI Group became a more complete education services provider by diversifying its business in the education industry and being more agile in response to market dynamics and opportunities. Looking forward, HKEI Group foresees the complementary effect brought by the UFO Group, in particular, the new approach of learning and a more diversified business of the Group. The Company shares the similar viewpoints of HKEI’s management and believes that the adverse business environment will improve, and bring the return to us, as HKEI’s shareholders in medium to long terms. Credit Risk Assessment on Bonds Investment and During the Year, the Group has made expected credit loss (“ECL”) on bonds investment of approximately HK$4.8 million and reversed the expected credit loss on amounts receivables from disposal of investments HK$0.1 million. In relation to the bonds investment, it is the current practice of the Board to review the financial situation of the bond-issuers at least semi-annually. For any acquisition or disposal of bonds, the Board would seek the advice of the Company’s investment manager before making investment and divestment decisions. In determining the amount of ECL provision, the Company engaged an independent valuer to evaluate the ECL on the bonds held by the Group. In relation to the receivables from disposal of unlisted investments, it is the current practice of the Board to review the financial situation of the debtors at least semi-annually. For any extension of the repayment, the Board would review the financial situation of the debtors on a stand-alone basis, and request interest on receivables as compensation. In determining the amount of ECL provision, the Company engaged an independent valuer to evaluate the ECL on these receivables. It is the Board’s intention to distribute any excess balance by way of dividend to the extent permitted by law, the Memorandum and the Articles. Dividends will only be paid to the extent that they are covered by net income received from underlying investments. Distribution will be made annually after the annual accounts of the Company are approved by the shareholders but interim distribution may be made from time to time to shareholders as appear to the Board to be justified by the position of the Company. Distributions will be made in Hong Kong dollars. As the Company does not have any pre-determined dividend distribution ratio, the declaration of future dividends will be subject to the decision by the Board and will depend on, among other things, the earnings, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, the availability of funds to meet the financial covenants of the Group’s bank loans (if applicable) and any other factors that our Directors may consider relevant. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had no material commitment. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had no material contingent liabilities. The Group’s exposures to foreign currencies mainly arises from its investments in companies located in the PRC, which are financed internally. In order to mitigate the potential impact of currency fluctuations, the Group closely monitors its foreign currency exposures and will use suitable hedging instruments against significant foreign currency exposures, where necessary. No foreign currency hedge contract was entered into by the Group during the Year. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had no outstanding foreign currency hedge contracts (30 September 2020: Nil). As at 30 September 2021, the Group had 13 employees excluding the Directors. Total staff costs excluding Directors’ remuneration amounted to approximately HK$5.0 million. They perform clerical, research, business development and administrative functions for the Group. The Group’s remuneration policies are in line with the prevailing market practice and the staff remuneration is determined on the basis of the performance and experience of individual employees. Material acquisitions and disposal of subsidiaries, During the Year, the Company does not have any significant acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had pledged listed stocks of approximately HK$107.9 million to secure the margin payables. 